Let me give you the tour. CareBase runs your whole facility from one place.
Training and credentials. Clearances and monthly exclusion screening.
Scheduling and staffing.
Incidents and investigations. Fire drills and emergency plans.
Billing and resident finances.
And a one-click compliance binder, ready for survey day.
But here's where it really shines. Your state documentation.
Take RASP assessments and support plans. Instead of wrestling with blank
forms, CareBase simply asks you questions about the resident,
and files your answers into exactly the right sections. Automatically.
When something changes, or the yearly update comes due, it's just a few clicks.
No re-typing. No missed deadlines. No blank fields for the surveyor to find.
That's the difference. CareBase doesn't just store your compliance —
it builds it with you, and keeps it survey-ready, every single day.